h1. AlmlEngine

(Still being actively developed)

h2. Usage

Simple Example:

<pre>
  alml = Alml::Engine.new template_text
  alml.render { |script_name, script_index| "I return the rendered content of #{script_name}<br/>\n" }
</pre>

Advanced Example, handling the :auto script keyword:

<pre>
  alml = Alml::Engine.new template_text
  script_order_map = alml.script_map(unordered_app_array) { |app, script_name| app.name == script_param }
  
  alml.render do |script_name, script_index|
    script_order_map[script_index].collect { |app| "I return the rendered content of #{app.name}<br/>\n" }.join('\n')
  end
</pre>

h3. Currently Acceptable commands

<pre>
  ! - Single Line Comment
  # - Div with id
  . - Div with class name
  @ - Dynamic content to be rendered by block (sends following command as block parameter)
</pre>

h2. Example ALML file

<pre>
! Start Header
#header.foo.bar
  .ring
    .outer
      .inside
        .lining
          @header-and-logo

! Start Nav
#navigation
  .container
    .inside	
      @navigation

! Start Content
#content
  .inside
    #liquid
      .lining
        @:auto

! Start Footer
#footer
  .outside
    .inside
       @footer-navigation
       @footer-logo
</pre>


h2. Installation

To enable the library your Rails 2.1 (or greater) project, use the gem configuration method in "<code>config/environment.rb</code>"

<pre>
Rails::Initializer.run do |config|
  config.gem 'thrivesmart-alml_engine', :lib => 'alml_engine', :source => 'http://gems.github.com'
end
</pre>

The <code>:lib</code> is important, because rails gets confused when the name of the gem is different from the library.

And of course, run 

<pre>
  rake gems:install
</pre>

To get them installed on your system.

Optionally, to unpack it into your application, just run:

<pre>
  rake gems:unpack GEM=thrivesmart-alml_engine
</pre>


h2. How it works


h2. Copyright & License

Copyright (c) 2008 ThriveSmart, LLC, released under the MIT license
